so there's a movie called love Simon
that I thought was pretty good I think
some people are calling in an agenda
movie but I never get those memos so to
me it was a solid rented teen drama that
would have been a junior price except
for one little problem I have with it
let me explain
so if you don't know this movie's about
a dude in his senior year of college
who's hiding a really really big secret
from his friends and family nobody knows
I'm gay
now look maybe it's me right maybe I'm
in the year thirty eighteen but I was
raised with that being a normal thing I
have a lot of friends managers pets that
have never had a problem mentioning it
because because we live like in
progressive Ville Illinois in fact I
have so many friends that are gay I'm
the nervous one to come out but look
that's not to say that this dude
situation doesn't happen right I'm not
downplaying it in any way shape or form
I think that the movie actually tells it
very well and that's why the ending bugs
me so much you see my dude here starts
messaging another guy who's keeping it a
secret and he goes to the same school so
obviously he wants to figure out who it
is
spoilers by the way because I know that
some people skip the explain part but
you've been warned see throughout the
whole movie Simon's writing him letters
hence the title love Simon and he's
trying to figure out who this guy is
he's got clues like the dudes a fan of
Game of Thrones he likes Oreos
especially the Halloween ones and during
a party he even starts hanging out with
a dude who he's pretty sure is the guy
literally the entire night only for this
dude to end up making out with a girl
hmm
so since he's going through a checklist
right and he keeps messaging this dude
it ends up narrowing it down more and
more right he figures out that the guy's
parents are getting divorced that the
guy is Jewish that he'll be away for a
weekend which of course ends up limiting
who it can possibly be at the school but
here's the thing they hit you with a
cop-out
at the end of the movie Simon gets a
secret spoiled by Lewis Stevens over
here who was blackmailing him so he can
get some brown sugar and so the email
stopped because the secret guy doesn't
want to get exposed so what does Simon
do he goes yo I know you like Ferris
wheels and even though you're like super
nervous to come out yo meet me at the
public fair well be riding that ferris
wheel for hours waiting for you in front
of an audience
Simon's then going round and round like
FlowRider and people are just filming
him as he gets stood up and I right at
the end all right when he's run out of
tickets this guy shows up see
I thought the story was pretty solid
right when he comes out to his friends
and they feel betrayed because you know
he wasn't honest to them and he
manipulated their friendship I thought
that was deep stuff
feigned sugarcoating when his dad gets
upset it's not because he's a shame that
his son is gay
he's ashamed that himself he feels like
he let his own son down for not
recognizing it sooner how to him the
tears but this ending is manipulative as
can be and look I know this movie is
meant for teams but I don't think you
got a dumb it down this dude ain't Drake
he ain't Jewish y'all just wanted a
twist for the ending of this movie I
don't think it was necessary especially
when you look back at the party scene
right and you remember that the entire
time they were together and since we now
know that they were both gay they would
have been flirting with each other they
were singing karaoke they were getting
our physical so why would this do be
smooching on a female
what do you didn't even have the time to
meet her I feel used I know it's not a
big deal to some people but you know
when the movie really gets into the
intricacies of the story I don't get why
they felt that the ending had to be so
forced right but that's just me love
Ella me thank you guys for checking out
this video I'm Kirsten it sounds like I
said I liked the movie I'm sure
someone's gonna see this video and think
I don't know just read the comments
you'll probably find something funny but
curious to know your thoughts on it like
I said I don't know where they got to
get some manipulatives and that's
another thing too there was the the
couple who was very keen when the dude
was like yo she likes a coffee with
cream and they made like a really big
deal about it you'll watch the ending of
the movie she ain't even drinking that
coffee with cream
I'm telling you yeah they ran out of a
budget or something but the ending they
just stopped forgetting they forgot the
things that they had established in the
beginning of the movie but I recommend
it it's pretty good let me know your
thoughts down below comment like and
subscribe and I will send you a coffee
with cream